Task 4 (MISC)

1 (L1) - Given an integer array nums, move all 0's to the end of it while maintaining the relative order of the non-zero elements.

Note that you must do this in-place without making a copy of the array.

 

Example :

Input: nums = [0,1,0,3,12]

Output: [1,3,12,0,0]

 

2(L2)- You are given an m x n matrix mat and two integers r and c representing the number of rows and the number of columns of the wanted reshaped matrix.

The reshaped matrix should be filled with all the elements of the original matrix in the same row-traversing order as they were.

 

If the reshape operation with given parameters is possible and legal, output the new reshaped matrix; Otherwise, output the original matrix.

 

Example

Input: mat = [[1,2],[3,4]], r = 1, c = 4

Output: [[1,2,3,4]]

 

Task 5(Mini Application)

1. Create a mini application using structures, pointers, file systems and implement memory allocation technique along with arrays.

 

Day 4

Application

Set A

1. Create a Library management system using C file system.It should follows the below scenarios,

- Display the front screen having two options 1. Books Issue 2.Books Return 

- After clicking the respective numbers it should move to the corresponding menu

- In Books issue:

➤ Get the inputs like Stud_name,Stud_Regno,Stud_Dept,No of books, Books ID, Issued date, returning date.

➤ Store those information on a file system

- In Books Return page:

➤ Type the Register number (Stud_Regno)

➤ It should display the information about the student like name, department,books issued, no of books, due date and due amount.

➤ After clicking returned option by admin or library manager the corresponding information about the student must be deleted.

➤ Then store the returned candidates information in the another file

Set B

1. Create an exam result generator system at University level application using C programming language. It should follows the below points,

Make two interfaces one for student and another for coordinator

- For Coordinator

➤  He or she can login to their respective interface and mention the department.

➤ Enter the total number of students the enter their register number. Then mention the marks in the respective subjects for a respective semester.

➤ Behind the scene the grade, result and GPA must be calculated and stored along with the student information in a separate file.

- For Student

➤ They have to enter their password and register number to login to their interface.

➤ After selecting the semester the result should be display along with the register number and  GPA.